Update query re-writing page, optimize-search-partitions.md (ETA late March) (#1825)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/search/optimize-search-partitions.md

* **Query 2**: Partitions do exist, `_index=prod` limits the scope of the query and only about 40% of the data is scanned to get the same results as Query 1. But it is redundant.
* **Query 3**: You can take advantage of Partitions without having to rewrite your existing queries. Sumo Logic's behind-the-scenes Query Rewriting, performed for queries run against data, is smart enough to understand that the scope of what you are looking for is included within `_index=prod`; therefore at runtime, it will rewrite the query as Query 2. 
* **Query 4**: We want to search for data that is in a custom Partition, as well as data that exists in the Default Index. However, query rewriting does not have the ability to OR indexes together. Instead, another behind-the-scenes feature, Inverse View Rewriting kicks in, we know that the data is NOT contained in the DEV and QA index, so those will be skipped.  This query will only scan the Prod index and the Default Index.

## What is Query Rewriting?

> Whenever possible, we rewrite a user's queries to perform better. We'll illustrate this using a simple example below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever possible, we rewrite a user's queries to perform better. We'll illustrate this using a simple example below:.
```

> * **Query 1**: There are no custom Partitions created and you only have the Default Index, 100% of your data is scanned in order to find all production log messages for the Snort security app.

Reviewer 2: 100% of your data across all partitions is scanned in order to find ....

Author: updated

1. The scope of this search (`_sourceCategory=prod/security/snort`) falls within the scope of the Partition (`_sourceCategory=prod/*`).

Therefore, defining a broad scope for your Partitions (for example, `_sourceCategory=prod/*`), and searching with `_sourceCategory` allows you to take advantage of query rewriting, and it allows you to potentially not have to manually rewrite your existing queries.

> Note that we have used a simple example of non-overlapping partitions all defined on `_sourceCategory`. Your data organization needs might be more complex, and in those cases we try to do a best effort query re-writing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::note 

We have used a simple example of non-overlapping partitions all defined on `_sourceCategory`. Your data organization needs may be more complex, and in those cases we try to do a best effort query re-writing.
:::
```

### Avoid creating too many partitions to avoid fragmentation.

> We recommend 20 as the maximum number of partitions. This is both to avoid index fragmentation and data management issues. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend 20 as the maximum number of partitions. This is to avoid both index fragmentation and data management issues. 
```
